
● What is Emmet?

EMMET:
It allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full pieces of code 
Helps you write HTML and CSS faster by using simple abbreviations that are then converted into code blocks.

https://docs.emmet.io/cheat-sheet/

However, there is one minor drawback; by default, Emmet is not enabled for React in VS Code.


● Difference between a Library and Framework?   
JS libraries give developers predefined methods and classes to help them work faster and more efficiently.
 On the other hand, the JS framework acts as a framework for developers to construct apps for specific platforms.

The term "inversion of control" describes the technical distinction between a framework and a library. 
You have complete control over the application's flow when you use a library. You get to decide when and where you want to call the library.
While when using a framework, the flow is controlled by the framework itself. It gives you various locations to plug in your code, 
but it only calls the code you've plugged in when it's needed.

● What is CDN? Why do we use it?
CDN(Content Delivery Network) is a group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of Internet content.
A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content including HTML pages, javascript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.
We use it for the following benefits
Improved website loading times
Reducing banwidth costs
Increased content availability
Improving website security

● Why is React known as React?
React was developed for applications (Facebook) that have constantly changing data. 
Since React is a front-end framework or the “View” in MVC, this means that as the user clicks around 
and changes the app’s data, the view should “react” or change with those user events. 
User events being mouse clicks, typing, submitting a form.

● What is crossorigin in script tag?
The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request. Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. 
Here is where CORS comes in. A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain
If you serve React from a CDN, we recommend to keep the crossorigin attribute set:

<script crossorigin src="..."></script>
We also recommend to verify that the CDN you are using sets the Access-Control-Allow-Origin: 
This enables a better error handling experience in React 16 and later.

● What is diference between React and ReactDOM


react is for the components and react-dom is for rendering the components in the DOM. 
'react-dom' acts as a glue between components and DOM. You will be using render() method of the react-dom to render components in the DOM 
The react package contains React.createElement, React.createClass and React.Component, React.PropTypes, React.Children,
 and the other helpers related to elements and component classes. We think of these as the isomorphic or universal helpers that you need to build components.

The react-dom package contains ReactDOM.render, ReactDOM.unmountComponentAtNode, and ReactDOM.findDOMNode, 
and in react-dom/server we have server-side rendering support with ReactDOMServer.renderToString and ReactDOMServer.renderToStaticMarkup.

● What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

Production CDN file of react is just a minified and optimized version that makes rendering of file on end user's browser very quick and performance enhancing.
Development CDN file is solely for local development purposes
It will take more time to build compared to production build

● What is async and defer? -
In async, the html parsing will go on with the script fetching and once that is done it will wait till all scripts executed and then go ahead with the parsing
In defer the html parsing will go on with script fetching , once it fetched it will be stopped and the parsing will finish first and once thats done will the script start execution
Async will not guarantee the order of execution of scripts but defer does
Async is not good with multiple dependent scripts so better to go with defer 
If we have to load some external scripts like mostly Google analytics better to use async

Defer is always a better alternative to async 